School closes down next week for the summer holiday. I am eagerly awaiting the day I go home from 
school knowing that I will not be expected to enter my classroom for two long months.There are many 
things that I would like to do in my holiday. First of all I will visit all my friends turn by turn. 
They keep pestering me to visit them at home but school keeps me too busy, my friends and I will play 
the whole day long.Cricket is my favourite sport and my friends have organized cricket matches during 
the holiday. I am looking forward to playing and bringing honours to my team.My parents have planned a 
holiday for fifteen days. We plan to take the train that leaves. Delhi for Chandigarh. From there we 
propose to go to the hill station called Kasauli.It is a comparatively small hill station but it is 
extrernely charming indeed. There are some beautiful hotels there and my family loves to stay at one 
particular hotel run by an old British lady.In Kasauli, I shall go for long walks with my sister in 
the morning and even in the evening. One often hears about ghosts in hill stations and I love the 
stories that are told by the local people. I shall talk to the people and probably unearth some unknown 
stories from the past.Skating is a popular sport in Kasauli. I can skate very well now and I propose to 
spend a lot of time on the wheel of my skates. The fresh air of the hill station will rejuvenate us and 
we will come back to the city feeling more relaxed and fresh.On my arrival back home I propose to study. 
There is a lot to learn and the holiday will be a good time to sit at my desk and concentrate on my 
work. I will have the satisfaction of working and enjoying myself too.I have many letters to write to my 
friends living aborad. I shall do that in my holiday My friends here and I can go on short one- day 
picnic every week and the rest the week shall go in lazing around, listening to music or watching some 
programmes on television.Just the thought of the holiday is making me happy. I cannot wait for them any longer.